hi there my name is david reed i'm one
of the elders that signature glass to me
and i just want to take a couple quick
seconds and show off some of our work
this is one of many videos you can find
on youtube that does just that you're
looking at a 2010 subaru WRX we just got
done telling all the windows front doors
are done in the thirty five percent
Lumar ATC the back half is done in a
darker lewmar ATC 15 every piece of film
on this car was digitally cut on our
computer of course the window film is
Lamar has a lifetime manufacturer's
warranty it will never turn purple it
will never fade it's my opinion that Lou
Mars the best window film money can buy
I will take that back any product from
CP films is going to be better than
taking a risk with some of the other
manufacturers lewmar makes the ATC
bloomer makes the ATR there's also the
CTX the air 80 there's another film out
there called formula one for me the one
is also made by CP films if you don't
choose us to tint your car find yourself
a CP films automotive product you will
be happy that you did every piece of
film again was digitally cut we do not
put a knife on this car as you can see
every single piece of film fits perfect
there are no seams are no light gaps I
left these doors open here and roll down
the window so you can see we takes to
film all the way to the edge you cannot
really see where the film stops or
starts we call this filing or shaving go
ahead and take a look at the front door
here again you cannot see a light gap
if you go out and you're shopping around
for window film asked what kind of film
do you use make sure it's lewmar if you
get to the shop and you don't see the
boxes of loom are lying around and they
tell you it's lamarr tell me you want to
see the release liner for each window
they cut lewmar goes out of their way
and prints their logo on the clear
release liner that gets thrown in the
trash it's a very easy way to find out
if you're the product you have is
actually llumar as you can see this car
looks absolutely gorgeous for more
information on signature glass tinting
the different products that we have and
services that we feel are little better
than some of the shops down the street
look us up online at 515 tint calm or
give us a call at 515 tent